docs: Add type definition for `globalProperties` in TypeScript chapter. (#723)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/typescript-support.md

})
```

### Augmenting Types for Use with Plugins or User Definitions

Vue 3 provides `globalProperties` property for [plugins](./plugins.html#writing-a-plugin) to add to Vue’s global properties in each component instance. In some cases, we also need to [do it by ourselves](../api/application-config.html#globalproperties):

```typescript
// User Definition
const app = Vue.createApp()

> app.config.globalProperties.foo = 'bar'

Reviewer: **suggestion**: we try to avoid abstract meaningless names for variables in docs. Would you mind changing `foo` and `bar` to something more 'real-life'? 😅

// Plugin
export default {

>     install(app, options) {

Reviewer: **nitpick**: we use 2-spaces for the indentation

        app.config.globalProperties.foo = 'bar'
    }
}
```

In order to let TypeScript know the attributes we (or plugins) added and their types, the [Module Augmentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html#module-augmentation) feature can help us.

> For the above example, we (or plugins) can add the following code of type definition:

Reviewer: **suggestion**: should we explain where we add type definitions?

```typescript
declare module '@vue/runtime-core' {
    export interface ComponentCustomProperties {
        foo: string
    }
}
```

Then you can use it in TypeScript by correct type inference.

> The `ComponentCustomProperties` type can help us define the custom options, see the code of [definition](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L63-L79), [use](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L97) and [unit test](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/test-dts/componentTypeExtensions.test-d.tsx) in `@vue/runtime-core` to learn more.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: I believe this part goes into too many details. We can shorten it to `Please check the source code of `@vue/runtime-core` to learn more`, what do you think?

Author: The definiton and test in different folders, so I merged the first two links and made additional explanations for the last one.

})
```

> ### Augmenting Types for Use with Plugins or Declarations by User

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering whether something like this might give a clearer sense of what follows?

```suggestion
### Augmenting Types for `globalProperties`
```

If I've understood correctly then that's what this section is really about.

Author: Yes, at first I used "Use with Plugins" because the [documentation of Vue 2.x](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/typescript.html#Augmenting-Types-for-Use-with-Plugins) uses it, so I copied from the old document. Next, I realized that not only plugins, users can also define some properties (This is exactly what I realized that the documentation was not clear about this point), so I add "or Declarations by User".

In fact, I did not realize the essential meaning of the problem before, whether it is a user or a plug-in, they are all "add" global properties.

> Vue 3 provides `globalProperties` property for [plugins](./plugins.html#writing-a-plugin) to add to Vue’s global properties in each component instance. In some cases, we also need to [do it by ourselves](../api/application-config.html#globalproperties):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Vue 3 provides a [`globalProperties` object](../api/application-config.html#globalproperties) that can be used to add a global property that can be accessed in any component instance. For example, a [plugin](./plugins.html#writing-a-plugin) might want to inject a shared global object or function.
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```ts
```

// User Definition
import axios from 'axios'

const app = Vue.createApp({})
app.config.globalProperties.$http = axios

// Plugin for validating some data
export default {
  install(app, options) {
    app.config.globalProperties.$validate = (data: object, rule: object) => {
      // check whether the object meets certain rules
    }
  }
}
```

> In order to let TypeScript know the properties we (or plugins) added and their types, the [Module Augmentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html#module-augmentation) feature can help us.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to tell TypeScript about these new properties, we can use [module augmentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html#module-augmentation).
```

> For the above example, we (or plugins) can add the following code of type definition:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the above example, we could add the following type declaration:
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```ts
```

import axios from 'axios'

declare module '@vue/runtime-core' {
  export interface ComponentCustomProperties {

>     axios: typeof axios

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't this be `$http: typeof axios` to match previous code?

  }

> }

Reviewer 5: Might be good to include a type of `app.config.globalProperties.$validate` since you included that in your example above, too.

```

> We should put the above code wherever it can be loaded, such as `main.ts` where you define these properties, or a `*.d.ts` file in `src/typings` folder automatically loaded by TypeScript. For plugins, it should be placed in the location specified by the `types` property in `package.json`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We can put this type declaration in the same file, or in a project-wide `*.d.ts` file (for example, in the `src/typings` folder that is automatically loaded by TypeScript). For library/plugin authors, this file should be specified in the `types` property in `package.json`.
```

Reviewer 6: Adding this to a .d.ts file is not a good idea in my experience, since that will effectively re-declare the runtime-core modules which means all the types that this module exports will be no longer accessible.

Reviewer 3: That is only the case if nothing is imported into the module declaration file, or if the user attempts to extend a type rather than an interface.

Author: According to TypeScript docs, the declarations in an augmentation will be **merged** rather than **replaced**, whether it is declared in `.ts` or `.d.ts` file.

From another perspective, the developer of the library/plugin can only generate the type declaration to a separate `.d.ts` file (because the final release is the JS file packaged by the rollup), such as [the Vue-Router Type declaration file (Please see the end of the file)](https://www.unpkg.com/vue-router@4.0.5/dist/vue-router.d.ts).

Reviewer 3: @dev-itsheng If there is no other import in the file then it is not treated as a module and the behaviour that @LinusBorg describes occurs.

Author: Yes, I just tried some cases. Indeed, if only use `declare module` in `d.ts` (and `.ts`) files, the declaration will be overwritten instead of merged. When I add an `import` (no matter what I import), it will return to normal.

Then I checked the TypeScript documentation. It did not describe my scenario, but mentioned in [another place](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules.html) that files with top-level import/export would be regarded as modules, otherwise they would be scripts. I guess TypeScript might be able to deal with these two Different file types are handled differently.

So, I used `export` instead of `import` (such as `export const a: number` or `export const a = 1`) and found that it still works.

In this case, I think it is necessary to explain it in the document, too.

> The `ComponentCustomProperties` type can help us define the custom options, see the code of [definition in `@vue/runtime-core`](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/2587f36fe311359e2e34f40e8e47d2eebfab7f42/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L64-L80) and [unit tests for TypeScript types](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/test-dts/componentTypeExtensions.test-d.tsx) to learn more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information about the `ComponentCustomProperties` type, see its [definition in `@vue/runtime-core`](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/2587f36fe311359e2e34f40e8e47d2eebfab7f42/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L64-L80) and [the TypeScript unit tests](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/test-dts/componentTypeExtensions.test-d.tsx) to learn more.
```

})
```

> ### Augmenting Types for Use with Plugins or User Definitions

Reviewer 2: I don't use TypeScript myself so this might be a really dumb question, but is 'User Definitions' a technical term? I don't really understand what it means here (or where it's used in the example).

Author: My English is so poor that I can't describe my thoughts accurately. But I read the relevant documentation of TypeScript to learn the exact definition, and found that they use "declaration" to describe a type, so I think it is better to replace it with "declarations by user".

Vue 3 provides `globalProperties` property for [plugins](./plugins.html#writing-a-plugin) to add to Vue’s global properties in each component instance. In some cases, we also need to [do it by ourselves](../api/application-config.html#globalproperties):

```typescript
// User Definition
import axios from 'axios'

> const app = Vue.createApp()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const app = Vue.createApp({})
```

I believe an empty object has to be passed to avoid an error being thrown when the app is mounted.

Author: I have fixed them and left some thoughts, Thanks for your suggestions.

app.config.globalProperties.$http = axios

> // Plugin for validate some data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Plugin for validating some data
```

export default {
  install(app, options) {
    app.config.globalProperties.$validate = (data: object, rule: object) => {
      // check whether the object meets certain rules
    }
  }
}
```

> In order to let TypeScript know the attributes we (or plugins) added and their types, the [Module Augmentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html#module-augmentation) feature can help us.

Reviewer 2: Is 'attributes' a TypeScript term? Should it be 'properties' instead?

For the above example, we (or plugins) can add the following code of type definition:

```typescript
import axios from 'axios'

declare module '@vue/runtime-core' {
  export interface ComponentCustomProperties {
    axios: typeof axios
  }
}
```

> We should put the above code wherever it can be loaded, such as `main.js` where you define these properties, or the `*.d.ts` file in `src/typings` folder automatically loaded by TypeScript. For plugins, it locates in the location specified by the `types` property in `package.json`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We should put the above code wherever it can be loaded, such as `main.ts` where you define these properties, or a `*.d.ts` file in the `src/typings` folder automatically loaded by TypeScript. For plugins, it should be placed in the location specified by the `types` property in `package.json`. 
```

> After TypeScript loaded them, we can use it in TypeScript by correct type inference.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I would remove this sentence. I don't think it really adds anything.

> The `ComponentCustomProperties` type can help us define the custom options, see the code of [definition in `@vue/runtime-core`](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L63-L111) and [unit tests for Typescript types](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/test-dts/componentTypeExtensions.test-d.tsx) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ComponentCustomProperties` type can help us define the custom options, see the code of [definition in `@vue/runtime-core`](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/packages/runtime-core/src/componentOptions.ts#L63-L111) and [unit tests for TypeScript types](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-next/blob/master/test-dts/componentTypeExtensions.test-d.tsx) to learn more.
```

I'm also wondering about the first link. It points to specific lines on the `master` branch. I'm not sure what the best approach is here but those lines could easily move the next time that file is changed on `master`.

```ts
// User Definition
import axios from 'axios'

const app = Vue.createApp({})
app.config.globalProperties.$http = axios

// Plugin for validating some data
export default {
  install(app, options) {
    app.config.globalProperties.$validate = (data: object, rule: object) => {
      // check whether the object meets certain rules
    }
  }
}
```

In order to tell TypeScript about these new properties, we can use [module augmentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/declaration-merging.html#module-augmentation).

In the above example, we could add the following type declaration:

```ts
import axios from 'axios'

declare module '@vue/runtime-core' {
  export interface ComponentCustomProperties {
    $http: typeof axios
    $validate: (data: object, rule: object) => boolean
  }
}
```

We can put this type declaration in the same file, or in a project-wide `*.d.ts` file (for example, in the `src/typings` folder that is automatically loaded by TypeScript). For library/plugin authors, this file should be specified in the `types` property in `package.json`.

> ::: warning Make sure the declaration file is a TypeScript module
> According to the [TypeScript documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules.html), any file containing a top-level `import` or `export` is considered a module. Otherwise, it is a script. Only in module, the declarations in an augmentation will be merged, if in script, they will replace the original types, it will make all the default properties missing.
> 
> Please make sure there is at least one top-level `import` or `export` in your file -- Especially when you customize the type instead of extending a third-party type in a separate file, at this time, you can add `export {}` to meet the requirements.
> :::

Reviewer 3: Some suggested wording:

```suggestion
::: warning Make sure the declaration file is a TypeScript module
In order to take advantage of module augmentation, you will need to ensure there is at least one top-level `import` or `export` in your file, even if it is just `export {}`.

[In TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules.html), any file containing a top-level `import` or `export` is considered a 'module'. If type declaration is made outside of a module, it will overwrite the original types rather than augmenting them.
:::
```

    // needs an annotation
    greeting(): string {
      return this.message + '!'

>     },

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    }
```

Author: When I saw this document for the first time, I realized that there is something unusual about this code, which is different from other codes.

First of all, it is mentioned here, it writes a comma less, if there is a missing comma between the method and method of the JS object declaration, it will throw a syntax error. This is such a small defect, so I am handy Just fixed it.

Then when I re-read this code, I found more problems. It is different from other code styles in the document. In addition to the comma above, there are two omitable commas below (according to the style of other codes, it should Is omitted), but this does not cause a syntax error, so I didn't notice it at first.

```ts
import { defineComponent } from 'vue'

const Component = defineComponent({
  data() {
    return {
      message: 'Hello!'
    }
  },
  computed: {
    // needs an annotation
    greeting(): string {
      return this.message + '!'
    }     // <--------------------------------------------- There should be a comma here

    // in a computed with a setter, getter needs to be annotated
    greetingUppercased: {
      get(): string {
        return this.greeting.toUpperCase();
      },
      set(newValue: string) {
        this.message = newValue.toUpperCase();
      },  // <--------------------------------------------- There should not be a comma here
    },    // <--------------------------------------------- There should not be a comma here, too
  }
})
```

I think they should be corrected, either here or in the next PR.
